---
title: 08/04/2024 - #1
---
I am, a blog?

This is my first DevBlog. So I will keep it short and simple, because I know as of right now no one will be reading this. Why do I even say these things to myself, the reason I am writing this right now is to keep myself accountable. Ok, let me get started.

Hello, my name is Booboo (boo-boo), and I am working on a Full Stack Application that tracks large amounts of resources though a market system for the purpose of trade in a Mineccraft server. The way the application works is each account has a “market”, and each market displays the amount of items in each market, showing what you have, and what are are wanting to trade.

The application is being built using a custom stack, Bun, Typescript, Drizzle, the frontend and backend are yet to be determined. 

Note: I know Python, JavaScript, Java and a little C#, so today is the first day I am using and learning TypeScript. Along with all the others in the aforementioned stack.

For today's progress, I managed to get my environment setup on Visual Studio Code. although I cannot say it was not without its faults. Importing packages that are adjusted for types was a pain, and something I am still getting used to. But overall I don’t regret switching to Bun, and TypeScript, and I don’t think I will be switching back.

After this, I started to search on how to set up the database using Drizzle, a sort package that is an all in one TypeScript wrapper for an SQL, and a bit of their own custom features for a relational database.

This took a lot of work, trying to figure out how to connect it to the cloud database which was being hosted for free by Neon.
In the end, I managed to create a Market, Account and Item table, and started programming the actions for each table, but I was really focusing on the market. How all of these work is by a relation system. 

For example, a market's ownerId is in relation to an accounts id. But only making it one relation. By only making it one relation, and not many, that means it is one account id per market, when with many it could be multiple per market, which would mess up my work.

In conclusion, today was a day filled with bugigging and setting up environments, along with 3 hours dedicated to FreeCodeCamp, just to learn the basics of TypeScript.

Have a good rest of your day everyone!
