---
title: 09/04/2024
---
When I wrote this code, only God and I understood what I did. Now only God knows.

I won’t be explaining things too much in detail, because as of the time of writing this I am tired, and need sleep. But I thought it would be best if I wrote to all of you while my memory is still fresh.

Today I continued with designing the Relational Database that I will be using for my project. I managed to get a lot of the code cleaned up from yesterday. And removing a lot of it, because after reading the documentation for a while, my code was crappy, and scalable is a word that would not even cross my mind.

So, after fixing up my code, I split up the database actions, or functions, into 3 different files. One for the account, market and item. I managed to create the account actions. Which included full control of them from creating, editing, deleting and viewing account’s and their information in the database.
But as of now, I am yet to figure out how I will implement authentication, but one thing at a time.

Along with that, I created an action/function that lets you add an item to a market. But it checks if that market already has an item row with the name of the item, and the parents marketid. If it does, it just finds it and changes the data. If it does not, then it creates it. 

Other than this, I have added a few functions like this for the market and item actions/functions, but nothing notable enough to document. And in the coming days they will just be written over anyways.

Now. time for my progress on this. I have not even started the backend or the frontend. But as far as the database goes, I would say I am doing well. I have figured out how to use these new tools, and most of the actions/functions I can re-write. I would say 
I am overall 30% done with the database, and the database is going to be the largest part of the project. Although, I do suck at front end development. So it will either be very basic, or I will do the old “your code, more like our code”.

That is all for today, I did not manage to put in as many hours as I did yesterday. 
Peace!
