---
title: 17/04/2024
---
Coding is just logical art.

Ok, I know you will be checking the dates, and you will see a break. That is because I went away for the weekend, and honestly I forgot to write for Monday and Tuesday. That is because I did not do that much work, and I went off from the steady principled patterns I was going off of. 
Let me start by calling myself out publicly, I started to do front-end design on Figma, and then I started to search how the backend works, and then started to look into how authentication worked.

I got so overwhelmed, so much documentation, so much shit from AI, and random articles that never had what I needed. I was so confused, making me almost want to give up. But then, today when I woke up I had a new energy about me, motivation to continue the way I should.

I considered changing something because I know so little about the frontend, and how to make a backend for full stack applications in TypeScript, I am thinking of not even making it a full slack application at all.
I was wondering about making it into a Discord bot, after all, that is something I am familiar with. And I should already have all the hard parts out of the way, which is reading and writing to the database.

If I think about it more, the community I am building this for, StoneWorks, primary source of communication is Discord, and it would make a whole lot more sense to build it as a Discord bot, and add a bit of web integration later, then to build a fancy and complicated full stack application and then later add discord support.


Another thing, for the said community called StoneWorks, they are a Minecraft server and community that is based around nations, politics, wars, religion, economy, and roleplay. For this server, I am a developer on this, and my job is to create quests using various powerful YML-based scripting languages.

These scripting languages are from Minecraft Server PLugins, the plugins I am using to create quests are the following, BetonQuest, Denizens, Citizens, Mythic Mobs, Mythic Crucible, MythicLib, Vault, FakeBlock.

At the time of my last journal entry, I was only using BetonQuest, Mythic Mobs, Vault, and MythicLib. But with a few others added to my repertoire, but mainly Denizens I can do so much more for quests. I am able to do everything that the Java SpigotAPI lets me, and even more. Like connecting to external databases like MongoDB, Redis, and SQL. That just goes to show how much it can do.

Now for what I currently have to do, I am working on a fishing guild quest system. How it works is there is a fishing guild. And it has a reputation system for the guild that resets every Minecraft year. And how the guild works is you go around Rather and Eldman, going to important historical locations and you can find NPC’s there. They will have custom lore on how they got stuck in the old world, and how they were generated to being a part of the fisherman's guild. I also plan to add some more surprise encounters where I can mess with the characters' lore to fit the quests and stonework. Some of these funny characters may include characters from Pirates of the Caribbean. I will go more into this as I finish the planning docs, and work on learning Denizens.

Each NPC will give fishing quests, which in turn increase the reputation. And the higher the reputation, the better quests you get, the better rewards you get, and the better the rewards will be.

This used to be very hard to create with just BetonQuest for the main scripting, but with Denizens, I can do so much more. I can control what happens in the game through a database, so if I write my scripts well, I can set it up so most of the important variables will be held in a database, because when I make quests, I will lose access to the console most likely.

I am so excited to get started, I have this all set up on my local development server. After having to build some plugins myself, I can get started. But first I need to actually learn Denizens. But it should not be too hard because most scripting languages for Spigot plugins have the same formatting. But what will make it easier is Denizens has a Visual Studio Code plugin that will have everything from custom error messages, all the way to autocomplete.

I can’t wait to start working on this today, as I am writing this in the morning.
